I always loved music.
I got my first guitar
when I was 15,
and since then it’s been my way
of expressing myself.
When they asked,
“Dave, do you want
to join the band?”
I didn’t have to think twice.
Making music,
that’s all that really mattered to me.
I thought being a musician
would make me happy.
So that is the path
I followed.
Only it is not
what I thought it to be.
I work here
during the day to pay the bills.
I thought my life
would turn out better.
But something was missing.
Instead of being happy,
I just felt lost.
Man, I’m distracted!
They are friendly
and look happy.
He gave me a tract and said:
“Many people are searching
for true happiness.
Maybe you
are one of them.”
This could help.
I quickly wrote down my address
and asked whether they would mind
passing by after I finished my shift.
I was searching all right.
Actually, the answers
were in front of me all along.
How come I only get it now?
You see,
I was baptized.
But I never gave
the truth a chance.
Roy did come as promised.
I told him,
“I’m a baptized brother.”
He really listened to me.
Then he shared Psalm 100:3:
“Know that Jehovah is God.
“He is the one who made us,
and we belong to him.
We are his people
and the sheep of his pasture.”
In the Bible,
Jehovah is likened to a shepherd.
He knows
every single one of his sheep,
and he knows
when one goes missing.
A lost sheep is not a lost cause;
it still belongs to him.
And Jehovah
doesn’t spare any efforts
in searching for it
until he finds it.
I was like one of those lost sheep.
But I still belonged
to Jehovah,
and he has never
forgotten about me.
Roy promised
we would keep in touch
and invited me
to the Sunday meeting.
Man, I was nervous
that morning.
I wanted to look my best.
Roy and Matthew
were waiting for me,
giving me a warm welcome
—something I’ll never forget.
How I missed this!
This is indeed
Jehovah’s congregation.
This is where I belong.
The truth has never
been so clear to me.
How I enjoy the close company
of my brothers and sisters!
What I enjoy most
is helping others
to find our loving Father,
Jehovah.
With Jehovah’s help,
I will never be lost again.